taxi
[Music]
biggest crush me is little Ella she's
should be youngest she's the least
qualified to do this but she's just
going for it this is a really important
time for Ella because she should still
totally be with mum but instead she's
really confident she's really
independent as well I do puffed-up okay
she's all puffed up she's she's doing
really brave stuff check back in -
chicken oh and it's mine yeah you're so
proud of yourself aren't you
it's a really interesting not pointing
example where a group of sort of small
monkeys from South America the
reintroduced back into the wild
before we had trees they were dropping
to the floor nobody knew why they turned
Hitler where they're being raised all of
the branches all of the the flooring was
solid and here they were back in the
wild suddenly on branches that would
bounce and spring and snap and they
didn't know how to climb that just goes
to show if we have to teach these little
chips how to work on branches they
there's a long road ahead Maxie what do
you think
[Music]